[terra-notification-dialog] MVB + dialog style updates (#1105)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-notification-dialog/src/terra-dev-site/doc/notification-dialog/NotificationDialog.1.doc.mdx

import ErrorVariant from '../example/ErrorVariant?dev-site-example';
import CustomVariant from '../example/CustomVariant?dev-site-example';

import ContentNotificationDialog from '../example/ContentNotificationDialog?dev-site-example';
import ActionOrderExample from '../example/ActionOrderExample?dev-site-example';
import EmphasizedRejectExample from '../example/EmphasizedRejectExample?dev-site-example';
import NotificationDialogInModalManager from '../example/NotificationDialogInModalManager?dev-site-example';
import NotificationDialogWithLongText from '../example/NotificationDialogWithLongText?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Terra Notification Dialog

The `terra-notification-dialog` component renders a notification to the user within a modal-dialog, which requires the user’s input or attention. This component is intended to interrupt the user’s workflow, displaying a descriptive message of what went wrong and context-dependent instructions that state how to correct the error. When the user is presented with the dialog, it is paired with an acceptance action, optional rejection action, and allows the user to correctly handle the notification.

> The Notification Dialog should be used to present interruptions to mitigate a risk situation and to bring awareness of a non-risk situation. A risk situation can be described as a scenario when there is a likelihood that a hazard will cause harm or loss, where a hazard is anything that has potential to cause harm. There are multiple variants built into the Notification Dialog for common risk and non-risk level situations that could occur within an application. Each variant include fixed icons, colors, and ANSI signal words to provide consistency in risk mitigation required by regulatory affairs and safety certifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Notification Dialog should be used to interrupt a user’s workflow, with multiple variants provided for common risk and non-risk situations that may occur within an application. A risk situation can be described as a scenario when there is a likelihood of exposure to danger, harm, or loss. Each variant include fixed icons, colors, and ANSI signal words to provide consistency in risk mitigation required by regulatory affairs and safety certifications.
```

> - Notification Dialogs used in risk situations, such as risk to patient safety or financial risk, are intended to make users aware of risk or hazard while providing options to mitigate it. There are three variants of risk oriented notification dialogs, based on the severity: `hazard-high`, `hazard-medium` and `hazard-low`. These variants are rigid to provide consistent icon and signal word pairs to prevent accidental confusion by the user of the dialog’s severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Notification Dialogs used in risk situations are intended to make a user aware of hazards, such as risks to patient safety or causing financial harm, and provide options to mitigate or remove the hazard. There are three variants of risk oriented notification dialogs, based on the severity: `hazard-high`, `hazard-medium` and `hazard-low`. These variants are rigid to provide consistent icon and signal word pairs to prevent accidental confusion by the user of the dialog’s severity.
```

> - Notification Dialogs used in non-risk situations are intended to inform a user of system activity and required actions, but not considered to cause risk. Currently there is one pre-defined non-risk oriented notification dialog variant of `error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Notification Dialogs used in non-risk situations are intended to inform a user of system activity or required actions considered to be non-hazards. Currently there is one pre-defined non-risk oriented notification dialog variant of `error`.
```

import InfoVariantExample from '../example/InfoVariantExample?dev-site-example';
import CustomVariantExample from '../example/CustomVariantExample?dev-site-example';

import ContentNotificationDialog from '../example/ContentNotificationDialog?dev-site-example';
import ActionOrderExample from '../example/ActionOrderExample?dev-site-example';
import EmphasizedRejectExample from '../example/EmphasizedRejectExample?dev-site-example';
import NotificationDialogInModalManager from '../example/NotificationDialogInModalManager?dev-site-example';
import NotificationDialogWithLongText from '../example/NotificationDialogWithLongText?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Terra Notification Dialog

The `terra-notification-dialog` component renders as a notification using the `terra-abstract-modal` to display a dialog over content. It is a common component that can be used to display a message to a user. When the user is presented with the dialog, it is paired with an acceptance and an optional rejection action to allow the user to correctly handle the notification.

The dialog will have the highest z-index of 9000, so it will display over all other content, including over modals.

> There are five dialog variants build into `terra-notification-dialog`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are five dialog variants built into `terra-notification-dialog`:
```

Author: updated: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1105/commits/ab6127f21569a16c52d25d0c0a4ff3c12db95ccf

1. `alert`
2. `error`
3. `warning`
4. `info`

If one of these variants do not meet your needs, there is the option to customize the signal word and the icon that the dialog displays.

> By choosing to create a custom Notification Dialog, you are responsible for providing an icon that is themed correctly in the terra-default-theme, orion-fusion-theme and in the clinical-lowlight-theme. See Terra's [Theme Strategy Guide](/guides/terra-application/theme-strategy) for more info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By choosing to create a custom Notification Dialog, you are responsible for providing an icon that is themed correctly in the terra-default-theme, orion-fusion-theme, and in the clinical-lowlight-theme. See Terra's [Theme Strategy Guide](/guides/terra-application/theme-strategy) for more info.
```

Author: updated: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1105/commits/ab6127f21569a16c52d25d0c0a4ff3c12db95ccf

| react | ^16.8.5 |
| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |
| react-intl | ^2.8.0 |
| terra-breakpoints | ^2.19.0 |

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## Usage 

> ``` jsx

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

``` jsx
```

import NotificationDialog from 'terra-notification-dialog';
```

## Component Features

 * [Cross-Browser Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#cross-browser-support)
 * [Responsive Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#responsive-support)
 * [Mobile Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#mobile-support)
 * [LTR/RTL Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#ltr--rtl-support)
 * [Internationalization Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#internationalization-i18n-support)
 * [Localization Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#internationalization-i18n-support)

> ## Hazardous Notification Dialogs 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Hazardous Notification Dialogs 

```

<HazardHighVariant
  title="Hazard-High Notification Dialog"
/>
<HazardMediumVariant
  title="Hazard-Medium Notification Dialog"
/>
<HazardLowVariant
  title="Hazard-Low Notification Dialog"
/>

> ## Non-Hazardous Notification Dialogs 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Non-Hazardous Notification Dialogs 

```

<ErrorVariant
  title="Error Variant Notification Dialog"
/>
<CustomVariant
  title="Custom Variant Notification Dialog"
/>

> ## Content Layouts

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Content Layouts

```

The Notification Dialog provides the following layouts for the `content` prop:

> ### ContentLayoutAsList

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### ContentLayoutAsList

```

> ### ContentLayoutAsList

Reviewer 3: Do you want to pull in the props table for this component?

Author: Props table is below after the NofiticationDialog's Prop Table: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1105/files#diff-9f590b46d228f2604680eb3db3beadc8R121

The layout styles list of strings. Import like:

> ``` jsx

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

``` jsx
```

import { ContentLayoutAsList } from 'terra-notification-dialog';
```

<ContentNotificationDialog
  title="Notification Dialog with Detailed Message using ContentLayoutAsList"
  description="This example demonstrates the use for the startMessage, content, and endMessage prop combination. This example also leverages the ContentLayoutAsList component to correctly style the list provided to the content prop."
/>

## Additional Examples

<NotificationDialogInModalManager
  title="Notification Dialog in a Modal"
  description="Notification Dialog has the highest z-index of 9000. Trigger the Notification Dialog in the modal to see it displays above the modal content."
/>

<NotificationDialogWithLongText
  description="This example show the dialog correctly handles long messages with scrolling."
/>

## Notification Dialog Props Table 

<NotificationDialogPropsTable />

## Content Layouts Props Table

<ContentLayoutAsListPropsTable />

## Testing

The Notification Dialog has the following data attributes available for browser tests:

> - The data attribute, `data-terra-notification-dialog` can be used to validate the Notification Dialog exists or has focus

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

- The data attribute, `data-terra-notification-dialog` can be used to validate the Notification Dialog exists or has focus
```
